[Music]
yeah
hello hearts how are you well
welcome back one more day to my
channel this time I bring you some more
words that Rosa Villacastín brings us
on the show It's Already Summer these are
words that haven't left me indifferent at all
and that are surely going to
bother Rocío Carrasco a lot
before I begin I want to ask you apart
from subscribing to the channel that I
always tell you it's very important to
remember because a lot of people
forget I want to make it clear that Rosa
Villacastín has an ideological position
that is quite
far from mine okay I say this so that they
don't accuse her of being a trintxer of charqui is
blue and anything like that because
according to her ideology she would be closer to
the fuchsia tide than to us okay you will
remember in one of these tributes
from last year in one of the
debates they had when they finished
the first series there was a moment in which they
seemed to put Rocío
Carrasco in front of a lot of calls she couldn't even fit on the
screen a lot of people well I remember
that there were people on twitter who said
all the  redness all the redness not many
fuchsia people there on the screen and
many many video calls no well Rosa
Villacastín was there so what she
is saying is a truth as a
temple and a very objective thing I have already
told you in another previous video that on
the subject of her mother and father
dying in love with each other
the nahj of the china that
everyone knew that no that there was no way to
take it well at another time Rosa
Villacastín alludes to the fact that Rocío
Juradó was going through too much and was
too protective of her little brother
Amador's hand that Amador made many treaties
that they did many things with money
and some very strange bills okay
Rosa Villacastín said this I have not
said it no and she also said that she does not
recognize this Rocío Carrasco that she is
full of hate how can she be
so full of hate and why and that she
has to question herself when she is fighting
with so many people with her uncle with her aunt with her husband with her
cousin with her brother with her
sister with I don't know who that at  It's
better if she
raises the issue, let's see, I have to disagree on this,
okay, because this is a
fallacy. The fact that many people do not
agree with you, even though you
have argued with many people, does not
necessarily mean that everyone is
right and you are not, because you are a minority, no, that
is a fallacy
that many people often
take it as valid, the world says
this is true, it's not worth it.
A few decades ago, everyone said
that the earth was flat and those who said it
was round were crazy. I
am not saying that Rocío Carrasco is right
nor am I getting into
that. Simply put, the fact that she
is fighting with everyone else is not a
reason to affirm that she is the one who
is giving the grades. Outside of that, she
is not fighting with the whole family. She
is fighting with Jose Antonio, Gloria
Ortega Cano, Gloria Camila,
Rosa Benito and Amador, there are 6 Raquel
Mosquera and Antonio Davis,
8 Antonio David, of course, the relationship
that Raquel Mosquera has, I think
that Raquel Mosquera neither loved her nor wanted
her, she had the cordiality of the time she
was with the father but you see if she is
saying things like that the mother and the
father were in love with each other
this is a girl who has not had sex, the
separation of her parents this is a
girl, my mother and capricious who has always been
used to having what
she liked and for things to be the way
she wanted okay so what do you
think what do you think
about this because the truth is Rosa
Villacastín is clear I do not know
this girl she is full of hate and she is
paying for what she has with Antonio David
with everyone and she does not include the children
because she cannot and here I think for
Rosa I
think that you were not very attentive in the
first documentary because she does include
the children and well in fact what she has
done has been make an excuse to not
see them more but well each one has their
opinion I respect her commented the news I
will be reading the huge comment box
[Music]